you look at our culture today and the
number one thing that's under attack is
the nuclear family right um and uh the
US I know gender might be Attack under
attack but that that that itself is
attacking family yeah yeah and all of it
leads back to the nuclear family and the
Bible tells us honor thy father and thy
[Music]
mother
hello everyone watching and
listening today I'm speaking with a
couple of Stellar young men Josh and
Nick
Alexander who are both advocates for the
save Canada
organization we discussed their
political activity oriented towards
Christian ideals and family values the
abor response from administrative Busy
Bodies mainstream media and law enforce
ment the threats and physical violence
levied against them and what their
battle really means for Canada and for
the World At Large all right gentlemen
thank you for coming in let's take it
from the top Josh you can start with
this so you ran into trouble with your
school public trouble with your
school how long ago now well so I
actually used to go attend the public
education system and I got in trouble
during the freedom Convoy mainly just
over the mandates and the vaccine
requirements and all that but I left
that school and I went into the Catholic
board and I really started getting in
trouble around uh October November of
2022 so how do you know this is not just
you well I I mean looking out across the
entire education system you can see that
any student that stands up gets in
trouble um and then I watched what
happened just to my little brother last
week he was suspended for simply wearing
my hat so I know it's not simply based
on what me as a person but what I
believe in he was suspended for wearing
your hat yeah okay explain that yes so a
particularly evil hat I presume
apparently so um it's it's the same hat
that uh I've worn for I guess three
years now um it was an organization
started by a bunch of students in
Halifax actually and we picked it up
here in Ontario and uh it was against
the mandates and it was just about uh
restoring a traditional culture in
Canada what does the Hat say save Canada
save Canada yeah and it's and you got
thrown out of school for that okay so
tell me that story and then we'll go
back to to what happened with you how
okay so what's the rationale here for
you're wearing a save candidate hat why
are you actually it was our younger
brother he's 14 who got kicked out of
school for this oh was oh I see so
they're trying to get rid of all the
Alexanders now are you still in school
Nick no I'm done I'm done school you're
done Y and what grade are you supposed
to be in I should be in grade 12 the
highest I have is grade 10 though uhhuh
uhhuh okay so let's go back to the
trucker Convoy what sort of what what
were you doing at that point in the
public education system and why did you
get in trouble can you make a case make
a case for yourself first and then make
a case against yourself because I
presume the teachers and the other
hypothetical professionals assumed that
they had some reason for giving you
grief and misery so why don't you lay
out both sides of the argument yeah sure
so basically um I went into the
education system and it was
obviously um it it was quite uh crazy
the the lockdown restrictions and
everything that was going on and as a
young person that was weird we'd have
the cops calling us for playing football
with our buddies at a local park right
and uh so I ended up just being fed up
with it and a couple of my buddies at
school and uh myself and uh student
named Monty Walker started doing
walkouts in our school and that spread
across the province and uh after that we
started organizing them for Nova Scotia
and BC and all across Canada and uh our
school didn't like that they suspended
us and uh us being how many of you um I
think on the last walk it we did it was
about 10 students from my school they
basically told anybody who did wouldn't
put the mask on um and joined me on the
street would be suspended and a bunch of
kids just said all right that's it um
now previously we'd have like uh we had
about uh 50 students coming out from the
300 uh student uh school and then we'd
have uh crowds outside from parents and
stuff supporting so it it became too
much pressure and uh the school just
started kicking us out how old were you
when you started organizing those
protests um I guess I would have been 15
you know one of the things I was
surprised about watching what happened
with young people was the fact that so
many young people actually put up with
it now of course I'm not young obviously
but and and I might be deluded in my
belief but my sense is is that when I
was that age 14 or 15 the people that I
was associating with in this little town
up in Northern Alberta I don't think we
would have put up with the masks now
that might just be wrong but young
people did put up with the masks and for
a very long time and you got sick of it
yeah I mean uh everybody put up with it
and that's what shocked me I'm from the
uh the riding run through nipping
pemrick which is famous for being the
most most conservative writing in
Canadian history I would have thought it
would have been immediate no but
apparently not um and everybody just
went along with it that uh it was The
New Normal apparently and uh I wasn't
okay with it and I knew that there were
some people who weren't okay with it in
private but none of them were willing to
take the risk of you know maybe getting
arrested or even like I would go
shopping and I'd get the cops called
almost every time just because I refuse
to wear a mask and you get looked at
differently when you're disobeying the
rules as a young person yeah yeah yeah
so why do you think you weren't willing
to go along and well let's let's do two
things had you gotten any trouble in
school previous to your political
involvement no I hadn't I was actually
an award-winning student for I I
received the Citizenship Award I was
previously uh homeschooled went into the
public board how how old were you when
you went into public school uh I was
grade seven so I guess I would have been
13 okay so you were in the public school
for a couple of years before the
mandates came in and before you started
raising trouble yeah so I was I went
there in grade seven um I ended up like
the mandates only started to come in
right at the end of our grade eight year
um and we graduated um not in person it
wasn't uh that wasn't allowed but I
received an award I had a good
reputation um why do you have a good
reputation um just because I have morals
and character which is uh not something
that should be lacking in an elementary
school but uh it is and uh I mean my dad
was also a teacher and he had a really
good reputation he actually got to teach
me in a couple of my classes and uh I I
graduated from that school went into
high school and uh everything just
changed right so you weren't a you
weren't a kid with a pattern of
troublemaking behavior who used this
political opportunity to like Elevate
himself in status that wasn't the game
yeah
never okay so what do you think the mask
mandates and the
lockdowns over those couple of year
period did to people who were
essentially your age I think it had a
terrible effect on my entire generation
I mean you'd see the stats on the news
about the suicide rates and the
depression and anxiety or whatever but
uh you could actually see it in person
as a student you go to school and there
like it was i' had never seen anything
like it the morale was so low um and uh
I mean I I guess people just didn't
think it would have effect when you take
young people tell them they're not
allowed to hang out even on good terms
um and it just puts kids on video games
and porn and social media and that's
becomes their life and it's completely
unhealthy well I again you know I was
trying to think about how I would have
reacted when I was say 15 or so man I
remember just my my my father grounded
me one weekend when I was a teenager
around 15 and I still remember being at
home Friday and Saturday night when I
wanted to be out with my friends like
that burned itself into my memor it's
like that's not really that much of a
punishment you know and I'm sure I
deserved it but it drove me crazy and I
thought I just can't imagine what it
would have been like to be say between
14 and 16 and locked up essentially
wrapped in a mask unable to communicate
it must have been it must have been
extremely difficult on The Dating side
of things too I imagine for of course
young people have sort of given up on
that favor pornography so maybe that
wasn't such a catastrophe but yeah I
know like young people they just they
sto being relationships whether it was
dating or just basic friendship it just
it was all online um and uh that becomes
a very serious problem and then whenever
it did return to school you couldn't see
each other's faces um you had to stay
socially distanced and all that and I
mean it's it may seem like a small
inconvenience and to most people um they
just allowed it but when you
understand what the greater plot is and
you're looking at it you I just wasn't
able to tolerate it was a small
inconvenience at all I I think it was an
absolute epidemic of tyrannical
authoritarianism and as far as I'm
concerned good it good for you for
standing up against it okay so now
how how did you decide
to make your first political move that
was the walk out essentially or so you
were going to school were you wearing a
mask when you were going to school for
the most part yeah I I would have been
wearing the mask I still get in trouble
because like if I was not in class or
something there's no teachers around I
wouldn't be wearing it but uh I I would
for the most part wear it um but I would
still be getting called to the office I
even got called to the office once
because a student reported me for not
being vaccinated which wasn't even a
requirement at the time but uh yeah it
was I I would get in trouble for the
smaller things and just because I would
voice my opinion on it and you know put
questions and students had like what's
actually going on and why they're forced
to cover their faces and stay home and
uh so yeah the uh The Faculty didn't
like that and how many times do you
suppose you were called to the
office um at like around the freedom
Convoy it was almost every day if like
not several times a
day okay and so what were you doing
during the freedom Convoy so that was
really what sparked the change in me I
guess I uh I had been semi complying all
all the way around uh at least in school
elsewhere I didn't really care um and uh
in fact I got fired from my job for not
wearing a mask and whatnot but what was
your job oh I was just making coffees MH
um was 15 had a job spread a lot of
germs making coffee you know so yeah
they they fired me there but like I was
I wasn't complying outside and school
was really the only place I was doing it
and then we went to the freedom Convoy
you we meaning who um well my brother
here and our friend Monty and we even at
the very end brought a few other
students to uh help out but uh and you
went to Ottawa yep and uh we we were
down there for a while and it was weird
going to the Convoy and seeing
everything free and everything normal
and seeing the country come together and
then going back to this just depressing
tyrannical State and uh I had enough and
that's we we decided to start doing
these walkouts um it was as simple as me
uh I think I just uh put up a photo on
Snapchat or something one of those app
students talk on and uh I just said meet
me at my locker at whatever time we're
we're we're done we're walking out were
you were you a reasonably popular kid at
this point with your peers or or had or
was it polarized like why did people why
did anyone listen to you um I wouldn't
say I was incredibly popular like I I
had a pretty good reputation still but
uh um my opinions certainly weren't
popular but I mean in grade N9 and 10
that isn't as big a deal as it is um
further on in life but uh some students
they like they did respect me because I
was respectful even when I was being
shouted at by my principal and all that
so uh I just remained calm and I gave
the students the best advice I could um
in fact I would I would spend hours
negotiating with the principles when I
was supposed to be in class they'd bring
the board superintendent down uh to my
events and uh I just I would tell them
what were you negotiating well they
would uh for instance they wanted to uh
suspend any student that walked out with
me mm and I told them look I'm the
organizer of this thing you're obviously
talking to me for a reason and not every
other student that's walked out um
suspend me do whatever you want to me um
and uh each of those students has a
right to uh walk out and you can spend
me for U non-compliance or um disobeying
Authority but uh I don't care I'll I'll
take the fall for it and uh oh yeah
PR annoying that's for sure yeah so Nick
you were in Ottawa too eh yeah I was y
okay now but when when the freedom
confoy made itself uh known were you
still in school or had you graduated by
that point I wasn't in school so at the
end of grade 11 I dropped out and
switched to online school cuz I was
running a uh welding business at the
time so I'd work in the days and do my
high school online at night time so uh
yeah I was doing it online so what was
your impression of Ottawa when you went
there and why' you go I thought it was
incredible it was a real break from The
Tyranny we've been living under and uh
yeah it was one of the most incredible
uh incredible few weeks of my life and
had you been politicized at all before
that uh no I wasn't especially political
no and you when how old were you when
you started your welding business and
what is that business exactly uh it's
Bas Valley Welding it was a uh mostly
agriculture equipment welding so break a
lot of uh
whether it's Harrow or plows whatever it
is it breaks down I would do offer a
mobile welding service and I was 17 when
I started that and is that a business
that you're only involved in or do you
have employees uh no Josh is a coowner
as is Monty Walker oh yeah so you you
can weld too way I've done a little bit
he does the majority of the mechanics we
also we would do we ALS like that under
that business name we had uh all sorts
of different jobs going and we'd uh just
work anywhere and any any time we could
this is while you're in high school yeah
yeah how's the business going it's we've
had to put on pause the last couple
months we' been pretty busy with uh with
our current situation but we're looking
at getting back into it this fall and
firing it back up to life so what how
would you characterize your relationship
with your brother and and how are you
two involved in this this trouble you're
generating together yeah me and Josh are
very close um it's kind of a a Triune uh
kind of work on a Triune way me Monty
Walker and Josh and running this uh
running to Safe Canada and trying to
wake up the youth here I see okay okay
and now so you posted a a picture you
said on Snapchat Snapchat and then you
you asked people to meet you at your
locker and they met you this is the
first walk out so so walk me through
that how did you organize that exactly
you said in about 50 50 kids
participated one out of six is that
about right yeah I guess so um but uh
yeah I had actually I had never
announced walk out before it organized
one but earlier on in the fall there was
a movement going on I saw it online and
it was a walk out from your businesses
and uh your employment and all that and
uh I said I'm doing it and actually
three guys walked it with me so we were
four guys and then I think maybe six
community members came out and it was
really small but it was just like that
the first one this is a small initiative
I didn't start it I was like but I I
I'll support it and I walked out and a
couple guys followed me um and then
months later we decided to actually
organize them on our own and uh yeah I I
had no idea what it was going to look
like the last one three guys F right
right but uh I started to uh I started
to hear some chatter and all this around
the school and I'm waiting at my locker
at the time and around the corner I see
a bunch of kids holding the uh the
Gadson flag and uh Canadian flags and
all sorts of stuff and uh they had signs
I was it it was amazing to see yeah you
seem happy about it still yeah it why
why were you so pleased about that well
it was uh it was it was just refreshing
to see after watching um you know
relationships get strained over the
issue and uh myself be like I'd be
sitting in the office for like 3 hours a
day just arguing when I should be in
class learning and uh I'd be getting
yelled at by my teachers Non-Stop and um
like just disciplined um constantly so
now you had a bit of a crew yeah and now
we now we're walking out with numbers
and we we just decided uh to go around I
had my crew following me and we just
went to every classroom and said all
right we're walking out let's go and
students would get up and they'd follow
us out and uh so they left their
classrooms as you walk through the
school
Y and how did the teachers and the
administrators react to that some would
yell at me some would slam their doors
some would I mean there there was a
couple um who wouldn't say anything
which I would I would take their uh
their silence as a bit of support or
some of them would even be smiling under
their masks while watching the students
walk out of their classes and they
didn't mind it all that much um but what
percentage of teachers do you think were
neutral or on your side very few um
there was very few but there' be a
couple and uh what was there a how would
you distinguish the teachers who were
neutral or on your side from the ones
who weren't nowadays teachers make it
pretty clear what their stances are
they're supposed to leave politic and
all that out of the classroom but they
don't and uh like I basically the ones
that showed at me aren't on my
side okay that seems pretty
straightforward Nick why do you think
what is it about your brother do you
think that put him in this position well
I think there's a few uh a few different
things that attribute it but he's
naturally a very strong leader people
will naturally follow him and uh
why I couldn't tell you there's uh guess
guess he's very intelligent he's well
spoken he's very confident people follow
confidence especially in a day and age
like today where you look at the youth
there's no confidence true confidence I
believe absolutely you think he's
competent very competent do you think
he's honest very honest very honest he
has a long how how did he learn to be
honest do you think well we've had a
fairly good role model from her
father father he's a veteran he's now a
school teacher um he's pastor of the
church we started the church when we
were younger down in Arizona uh yeah he
set a very high example for us he raised
us right I I believe and uh corrected us
when we were wrong and do you have a
good relationship with your father yeah
it's a very relationship yes you respect
him ABS absolutely absolutely well
that's quite a lot of respect why do you
respect him well I mean you look at our
culture today and the number one thing
that's under attack is the nuclear
family right um and uh the B tells us I
know gender might be Attack under attack
but that that that itself is attacking
family yeah yeah and uh all of it leads
back to the nuclear family and the Bible
tells us honor thy father and thy mother
and uh both of them have been uh
excellent role models and uh I love them
very much and uh I I respect them and uh
they're they're good leaders and they've
stood by me through all this and now
both of them are out of their jobs
because of me but uh yeah yeah so Nick
maybe you can pick up on that so what
happened what happened with your parents
your dad was teaching your mom what what
was her job she's also a school teacher
she's all yeah she's all so you guys are
really in this all the way aren't you
okay so what happened to your parents as
a consequence of the political action
that you guys started to take right yeah
well I think I believe the board is
targeting them merely because of our
stance they want to uh retaliate in any
way they can in their parents jobs as
government jobs are obviously the their
first Target um so the dad was uh
suspended from his job
when when was when would this it would
abandoned last spring I don't remember
the date I believe it was late spring
okay yeah um and a few weeks after my
mom was also suspended and what was the
justification for that so my dad was
suspended because the on paper the
justification was because of his online
actions which was funny because at the
time he had no social media it wasn't
until after in response to that that he
actually got social media so they put
him on leave from his work they said was
for his online actions on social on
social media and he had no Twitter No
Instagram so what were his online action
he had none it was blatant lie blatant
Li by the board and so afterwards he got
his you can look up the date he got it
that's fine that's when he got it he got
it because of that and uh and yeah a few
weeks later my mom was also put under
investigation because somebody went up
to her door and posted a pride flag on
her classroom door which no one has the
right it's her classroom there's no
reason to do that so she went up in the
morning took it off the door and uh she
was placed under investigation for that
and and for on what grounds touching the
sacred object like what exactly was the
problem there the fact iess I guess it's
considered hateful to not want to play
she was a danger to students and this
was a kindergarten classroom that they
posted the flag on a better question is
why is there a pride flag on the door of
a kindergarten classroom that's my
that's my question not not the fact that
the teacher took it off but yeah well
it's the mob for you
buddy the October 15th tax deadline has
just passed I know many of you might be
dreading the stress of filing your taxes
filing your taxes can be a long
excruciating process but if you fail to
file you'll start to pile penalties on
top of your tax debt that's why you need
to check out tax Network USA the team at
tax Network USA has a track record of
success they've reduced tax debts for
numerous clients totaling over 1 billion
million whether you're looking at a
$10,000 or $1 million tax debt they can
help you with the settlement it doesn't
matter if you haven't filed in one year
5 years or even a Whole Decade tax
Network USA is equipped to secure the
best settlement for you the expert
attorneys and tax professionals at tax
Network USA can help resolve all tax
cases no matter how they started don't
let tax debt control your life any
longer take the first step toward
resolving your tax issues by visiting
tax Network usa.com / Peterson that's
tax Network
usa.com Peterson
today yeah so you weren't very political
before you went to the trucker Convoy
not especially political no all right so
I I would have had I would have had
Fairly strong beliefs but I wasn't I
wasn't very active and now I whether
whether you consider it politics or
morals I'm quite involved in what's
currently happening and how are you
involved now um we're running a lot of
different uh Pro test and uh meeting a
lot of students we're really trying to
wake up the youth in this generation cuz
that's what has that's what has to
happen they have to get you got punched
here a little while ago didn't you
everyone thinks it was a punch it was it
was a blade of some sort I'm not sure I
believe it was a bladed glove it could
have been a knife but a lot of the anti
tell me exactly what happened now this
was a recent protest yeah June or sorry
September 22nd yeah so tell me exactly
what happened that day um yeah so we
were J billboard Chris obviously uh
organized a protest against gender
ideology near Victoria's Park I believe
right yeah Victoria's Park Collegiate
Institute yeah and uh so we had a decent
C decent turnout not as big as we were
expecting but decent turnout there's
also a large antifa crowd and right off
the get-go so we got to the event maybe
45 minutes early M and right off the
get-go about 30 antifer across the
street and at this point it's just me
Josh were they all masked up masked up
masked up signs yeah yeah yeah the
contemptible lot that and okay so Josh
is doing an interview with uh one of the
media companies I can't remember who it
was we do a lot of interviews but as
he's doing this there's only about five
of us there we're early and the antifa
crowd comes running up the street
crosses the other side of the street and
just swarms us instantly goes physical
right off the bat charges into us okay
goes physical meaning what what are they
doing physically charging into US
pushing us back and uh there's about
five of you guys five of us yeah so
we're just in there's me mon
uh Dy media a couple Veterans for
Freedom guys so he just made make a line
in front of Josh he's trying to do an
interview they're clearly trying to
trying to get out him and uh so we're
not we we never and get physical back we
stand our ground but we don't punch we
don't respond we don't retaliate so
they're they're attacking us and one of
the guys was actually on on a video one
of them has a baton he starts swinging
the Baton I caught the Baton midair and
chucked it out behind me but uh so that
that was that was how it started right
off the GetGo and as this is happening
we're clearly being attacked Toronto
police are there they and we had a
meeting with the Liaisons about half an
hour prior and they stated that they had
100 police officers on the ground um at
60 public order ready to go to keep
things keep things peaceful so as we're
uh as these antifa guys are attacking us
we look behind me I see all the Toronto
police drive by stop multiple Cruisers
guys on bikes and then look see what's
happening and speed off continues leave
us right there in the street so uh
shortly after our crowd really started
showing up in numbers and so once how do
you explain the fact that the cops left
they don't like doing their job they
never do well it's strange he because
you'd
think you'd think that the police the
natural sympathy of the police would be
more aligned with what you guys are
doing you think especially especially
after all the events in 2020 but no not
at all they're they're uh very much very
much favorable towards the uh towards
the radical left and their the violent R
that's top down command absolutely and
in fact I've been told as much by
certain officers a trend we've been
seeing at a lot of our events is that
the officers will make a line in between
our crowd and the uh in the woke mob and
the officers will be facing our crowd
with their back to the woke mob and i'
like i' they've said they're they're
they're quite nervous I've I've been
like have a relationship with a handful
of officers and they're nervous having
that violent crowd behind you that knows
no bounds has no moral uh no moral
compass and no it's absolutely a command
from the top town too so when you're
being put pushed and shoved by 30 people
and there's five of you and some of them
have batons let's say how do you keep
your temper under
control I've honestly never had a
problem or very really have a problem
getting with temper under control with
that there okay there's they test you
sometimes I'll say that much but uh I
think in the end our it's it's a lot
it's more important that we stay
grounded and on on what we believe in
and then and truth and take The High
Ground as opposed to uh the violent an
easy thing say until there's you know 30
people pushing you and being as
provocative as they possibly can I mean
and you haven't you haven't broken that
be before a you haven't let your temper
leap out and I've I have lost my temper
but I I haven't lost it in public uh you
haven't
lost I think we've all lost our temp
tempers here and there yeah yeah yeah
but you haven't lost in public how about
you no I uh I mean there was a clip that
got aired on Fox News a while back I was
in Al Berta and uh good BLM and uh
antifa surrounded me outside of high
school um and uh they just started
throwing me around they were punching me
a kid tried to set me on fire they were
uh choking me with my uh I had a cross
on my neck and they were trying to choke
me out with it um oh yeah that's
symbolic um one of them uh one of the
ladies uh with the BLM leaders Taylor
MCN I believe uh went into to the back
of my pants um in this struggle anyways
the police run in they arrest me but I I
just have my hands up in the air while
they're doing this um and uh like there
there's not much you can do because uh
my goal isn't to run in there and fight
with uh crazed activists um I want to
get through to students and I want to be
a responsible role model to them and be
able to bring them the truth in a way
that they will listen to it so when a
student watches me get attacked not
retaliate continue to talk to them while
I'm being attacked and then get arrested
um be told if I come back I'll be
charged um uh the breaching the peace oh
yeah um they interrogate me about what
scripture I'm uh using and stuff what do
you mean they interrogate you but what
scripture are you using they uh so they
arrested me while I was handing out
students uh handing out Bibles to
students and I got attacked the police
ranan arrested me after watching what
had happened I had my hands in the air
get getting thrown around um and then uh
they had me in custody for a while and
started asking me about what's which uh
verses I was using and whether I had
violated a conflict bylaw uh regarding
the uh alphabet community and uh
violated it how um by using verses that
would Target that community and uh so
that was a complete that's fun yeah that
was a complete uh Free Speech violation
but uh no it's worse than that right
that's a freedom of conscience violation
that's a freedom of religious belief
violation mhm right yeah but uh yeah
anyways that happens they tell me if you
return you're going to be the one that
gets charged whether it's you that gets
assaulted or not um and uh they even
told this it's you that gets assaulted
or not they said no matter what they
said even if I don't get assaulted if I
do get assaulted no matter what if I
step back um if I walk back towards that
school I will be arrested um and I knew
that I had to make a decision there
because these I I'd been there four
minutes these students were walking out
it was a walk out called the iand with
Josh Alexander uh walk out and it was
organized by Liberty Coalition Canada
these students have come out all the way
across the country to support me I flew
down to see them um and to uh visit with
Pastor Arthur Pelosi and uh anyways I go
to see them and I get arrested four
minutes later so um I wanted to return
four whole minutes yeah I lasted four
whole minutes in Calgary and then uh I
Calgary has a pretty woke mayor yeah to
say the least and and the the uh Calgary
Police Department is just brutal but uh
anyways I I get released from custody
they tell me um if you return you will
be arrested um and I said okay and keep
your damn Bibles out of here yeah and
they told my lawyer they said uh so yeah
if you're uh if Josh just leaves the
premises now um we shouldn't have to to
arrest him again there we we won't have
to talk again and my lawyer said okay
talk soon so right right I uh I grabbed
my Bibles I went down the sidewalk and
uh even more students hundreds of
students come out now because they've
all seen me get arrested with the police
now following me as I get closer to the
school if I get within their boundaries
they'll take me down and just before I
was going to walk right in and just
before I crossed that line the whole
crowd rushed towards me and I started
getting attacked again but uh I was in a
location where I was able to maneuver
around a little bit more and get
students to talk to and uh we were there
for hours just talking to them and they
they are able to respect your opinion um
more so when they've seen how much of a
risk you'll take to express it who's
more likely to respect your opinion
students and uh and uh just how
confident you are in uh portraying it
and uh so that was that I would
certainly say that was a success but had
I lost my temper it would have just
completely failed one thing with today's
students is they will follow anyone with
with like I said confidence and courage
nobody that's really lacking in today's
generation so any youth with that they
will follow okay so let's go back to
when you got cut all right so you said
you guys were there about 40 minutes
before this particular demonstration
that was that was at Victoria Park yeah
right near Victoria part okay and that
was do you remember the date of that uh
September 22nd September 22nd okay okay
so so you showed up early there wasn't
there very many of you you guys got
rushed the cops were ignoring you you
were getting shoved around and pushed
that's that's how the day started off
okay so continue from there yeah so we
were there for what maybe two hours
before that that went on throughout the
day the cops refusing to do their job us
getting assaulted
um went on yeah for a couple hours and
uh eventually the cops cops started
actually splitting up our crowd they
kind of locked a smaller group of us
behind uh uh behind the police line with
antifa behind us and the police on the
other side and the other side the rest
of our crowd on the other side of the
police line and uh which really isn't
right because we we were the ones that
arranged the protest we talked to the as
we talked about for months we announced
that we have a crowd there we don't get
it's it's not right to shut our side out
because a group of violent uh violent T
have showed up and decide to take over
the street but anyway so be it so what
good was the liais on absolutely nothing
so why what did the charade occur why
did they even bother with the Lea own
that's a good question well I had I had
bugged the police for two months um in
fact I called them before and I I've
organized rallies in Toronto before they
know who I am they know my name yeah I
bet they do I uh I phoned them they
asked who it was and I said Josh
Alexander and they immediately had to
transfer the call and they give me to
some uh special constable and I talked
to him and finally like after 2 months
of trying to communicate with with these
these guys we get a meeting on the
ground the day of uh with these liaison
officers I inform them I want the crowd
split it up I know that there's going to
be a violent Union supported protest oh
that's right the unions came out right
on the antifa side and so did Jag meet
sing he marched with antifa yeah right
he's such fun yeah no when when uh that
was on the 20th but uh that day when
Jake meat showed up he was uh mthing a
whole pile of words at me and Nick and
he was making gestures with his hands at
us looking at doing this at us he was
was he yeah yeah were you terrified not
at all no I was it was
entertaining yeah he's quite the piece
of filthy work as far as I'm concerned
boy he's got all the faults of Trudeau
and none of the virtues and the virtues
of Trudeau is a very short list that's
for sure so if you have none of them and
all the faults boy you're quite the
piece of work oh yeah so he was actively
engaged with you
was he oh yeah that's real heroic you
think a political leader of one of the
biggest parties in Canada would have a
little bit more uh deorum decorum yeah
you might think that right if we weren't
led by a bunch of like delusional
13-year-old girls yeah yeah yeah it's
quite something to see okay so so you
the this this protest was quite
aggressive right at the beginning and
you guys weren't you not only were you
not experiencing any real police support
you you as far as you're concerned are
actually putting you at a disadvantage
absolutely okay strategically okay so
what happens to you so uh I was standing
at standing down uh kind of behind their
lines I was in the smaller group that
was separated and they would allow if my
group wanted to go back and join my Crow
I could but they wouldn't allow anyone
else to join me so I was just having
there were talking with an some antifa I
start sharing the gospel as we always do
make a point it's regardless of whether
you're on my side of the of the uh
ideological war or on their side I still
want to see everyone there saved I don't
want to see I'm I believe absolutely
that they're all every all of us are
sinners and we all need Jesus and so I
want to see all of them saved so I I was
talking with them sharing the gospel
with them so what do you when you sh say
you're sharing the gospel under those
circumstances what exactly are you doing
telling them the truth what okay how do
you do that by explaining to them that
me them you all of us are sinners Destin
to an eternity in Hell Le unless we turn
to the cross of Jesus and receive his
full and free gift of Salvation we will
perish will pay the wages of our sin
it's it's the only hope that that there
is for this world is Jesus Christ and
his sacrifice his blood is atoning blood
and so I was sharing that message with
them which really isn't a message of
hate that's a message of love it's that
you you've wronged the creator of the
universe but he never a good idea never
a good idea but we've all done it and he
loves you enough to come down and die
for you to pay for your sins all and
offers you free salvation all you you're
trying to make that case in the midst of
this m absolutely yeah so what do you
think what do you think is the
relationship between let's say the
positive relationship you have with your
father and respect for him that you have
perhaps with your mother too your
religious belief and your political
action as far as you're concerned how
are those things tied together well I
think my political action are based on
my moral compass my moral compass
compass is based on my biblical beliefs
the Bible and uh the outline that there
for us okay okay okay so let's go to to
when you get attacked what what happens
so uh yeah I'm talking with them and
uh we're one of their one of the guys on
the front of their line Dives out and
tries to tackle me so I kind of push him
off he's mask mask they're all always
mask the the physical ones are always
mask usually they all are but if they're
physical they're guaranteed to be masked
see I see so do you suppose that the
people who are masking up like that like
they're planning physical violence and
that's why they're wearing the mask or
do you suppose it's the fact that
they're mask disinhibits them when
they're at the r that and also because I
don't think they're proud of what
they're standing for I can go there
without a Mas on cuz I'm proud of what
I'm standing yeah oh yeah I think the
same thing like if you if you have to
show up to your protest in a you're a
narcissistic coward right and a
dangerous one too yeah and the police
should be using that as a marker for for
True psychopathy right that's that's
absolutely inexcusable so okay so this
guy comes after you yeah so he into the
crowd just a little guy tries to tackle
me and uh so I'm trying to Grapple with
him trying to get him off me I have one
hand up in the air to show this cops
here I'm not assaulting him I'm being
attacked here so you're protecting
yourself with one hand yeah well first
went he as soon as he tack me went two
hands on him put him down trying to get
him off may have one hand up in the air
trying trying to keep him away with one
hand and while I'm dealing with this
another uh as salent literally Dives
over the over their line with whether it
was a bladed gloves a lot of them were
wearing bladed gloves or a knife or
whatever it was tell me exactly what a
bladed glove is it's a glove with blade
on the fingers a blades coming up the
hands here and a blade on the thumb and
are those visible from a distance oh
yeah so the cops don't do anything about
that CU I don't imagine those are legal
weapons uh I haven't looked into it I
presume they're not legal but I haven't
looked into it but uh no the cops don't
uh don't do anything about that we which
and this isn't a new thing they've were
bringing we've had uh antifu bring
knives to our events for a long time
yeah so uh so any yeah so this guy dives
across and I kind of in my peripheral I
see him coming so I back my head out of
most of the hit and he just grazes
across my eye you can probably see this
gu there it's just five or six stitches
I can't remember what it was but uh and
how close is that to your eye maybe an
inch and uh oh yeah that's pushing it
it's pushing it yeah especially yeah
yeah um so okay so you now you're cut
yeah so I'm cut I kind of stand up I I
watch I can't I can can't see a lot a
lot of blood in my in my vision it's
kind of blurry but what I believe I the
cops picked up the guy who attacked me
and put him back in his crowd and kind
of closed in all around us everywhere
they picked him up and put him back in
the crowd they didn't arrest him they
didn't arrest him and uh so I see the
cops everyone's kind of closing in
around me it's hard to seeing the cops
start ordering me to leave like no I was
just attacked with a blade I'm not I'm
I'm going to stand there how did they do
that exactly their particular officer
came up to you like how did they order
you to leave yeah well they started out
they do want medical attention I said no
I'm all right I'll just keep doing what
I'm doing perfectly and and another
officer walks up if you don't leave I'm
going to arrest you so I said I said I
have every right to be here I'm going to
continue standing here and talking I'm
on a public sidewalk every right to be
there and so I continued talking
continued sharing the gospel uh to
members of the opposing side and there's
this one girl on the other side that I
was talking to and it was like she
almost snapped I saw it in her eyes it
was like what I was saying was
registering with her I don't know if it
was the fact that I just got attacked
and covered in blood and I'm still talk
trying well that would add a little more
drama little to yeah and so it seemed to
hit home so I just Contin talking to her
and there's a veteran beside me we call
him Wild Bill he's met he's a uh combat
veteran he's airborne and uh the cops
tell him to leave and he says he's not
leaving my side and at this point he's
bleeding too CU so what they did is they
had an umbrella and they broke the
umbrella off it it had a a spear Point
like that at the end not an actual spear
point but very pointy umbrella and they
basically fabricated into a spear and
they were trying to stab us with that
and they caught him in the hand he was
hand was all bloody from
and uh so the cops tell him if you don't
leave you're you're going to be arrested
and he says I'm not I'm not leaving aide
don't imagine they were scaring him that
much no I think he's seen a lot worse in
the antifa and the Toronto police but uh
so yeah they arrested him placed him
under arrest and then 30 seconds later
placed me under arrest and and on did
they tell you what the charge was well
that's a funny thing so at the time they
told me it was obstruction obstruction
of what of well that's a general charge
obstruction of justice um how exactly I
don't know and then when I got when they
went to book me into the cell to the
holding cell they told me it was breach
of the peace and they told the crowd
that it was for assault so for assault
yeah so put that together okay so they
Trot you off to jail and so you're
wondering what's going on I presume yeah
I mean I was on the ground here trying
to do interviews and somebody runs up
and they they tap my shoulder they tell
me that Nick is being assaulted on the
wrong side of the line and wrong side of
the line meaning meaning the police have
like excluded him in with the counter
protest and like he was saying they
blocked off certain members of our crowd
and at the time it happened to be him
and uh Wild Bill so I run over there and
Wild Bill he's a character ridiculous
man you guys Wild Bill and billboard
Chris and the Alexander Brothers right
out there causing trouble so yeah I I
run over there and uh I tell the police
I say who's in charge here is there a
sergeant I need to talk to somebody um
and uh they all just stare blankly over
my shoulder as they always do and
finally like I have a megaphone so I
just start using that to make it very
clear there's cameras there's reporters
all around me and I'm like uh I need to
speak to a a uh officer in charge so
finally a sergeant comes up and he
starts talking to me and uh I tell them
what was the tenor of that conversation
again because we have this weird
situation where as far as you guys are
concerned the police at least secretly
are somewhat predisposed to be positive
to you and so now you're putting this
guy on the spot cuz your brother's
arrested like how he isn't even arrested
at this point this is where I realize
that something's about to happen and I
go up to him and I tell him look the
policeman yeah I tell my I tell him look
my brother's across the line there I'm
the organizer of this event I've been
talking to you guys for two months
you've already kind of betrayed us here
and I need to go speak to my brother so
let me open up the line let me go
through if you want to bring an escort
uh cuz you're worried I'm going to start
agitating that's fine do that um so they
refuse that they say I can't talk to
them um and they're keeping their line
closed and why can't you talk to them
they don't give an answer they never do
but uh I so I walk away and I tell them
look something's going to happen you've
been warned um and then I start looking
for a a even higher officer and looking
for my liaison officer somebody that can
pull some strings here and make
something happen
um but uh anyways about 10 minutes later
um as I'm doing my thing somebody runs
up to me again and they're like your
brother's bleeding um so I go over there
and I see the blood pouring down its
face and uh um I asked the cops what
happened and uh I mean I was pretty mad
at the time but I hadn't lost my temper
I was still fully under control and I'm
actually still conducting interviews
while doing this and uh and then I get
uh a hand reach is over from the other
side of the police line and uh Taps me
and it's Wild Bill the veteran and uh he
hands me his keys and he says uh I love
you Josh but they're arresting me now
and I got to go he says can you hang on
to these for me I said sure So I take
these and they arrested him on the same
kind of charge as they arrested you I
presume despite the fact that he'd been
stabbed with an umbrella yeah yeah we're
both bleeding and yeah yeah so bleeding
without a permit yeah yeah crime right
right well you got a good battle scar
out of the deal so this is true you true
yeah right yeah okay so well yeah so he
hands me his keys and uh I look over at
Nick we make eye contact and at this
point I know okay Nick's being arrested
too I've seen it too many times and uh
so then I see Nick get arrested um and
uh the cops are shouting at me now and
they're yelling that I'm going to be
arrested I'm not even on the the other
side of the line I'm on my own side
talking to them asking what's going on
um and uh anyways they arrest him they
start they throw me around they actually
grabbed me and Fir me into a young lady
while I was talking to them the police
did that and uh anyways so what do you
mean exactly tell explain that in detail
so you're standing there talking to who
the police the police yeah okay then
what happens and they start to move Wild
Bill and Nick towards the Patty way
again which is they have to break
through their own line they have to let
open up their line let the uh officers
take and Bill through and uh as they uh
get closer to the Patty wagon I'm
talking to the police and there's some
that are just standing around there's
some that are walking with with the
escort and uh anyways um one of them
just grabs me I was wearing a uh a vest
and a dress shirt he grabs me from the
vest and fires me into this young lady
um and uh they start shouting at me they
were telling me I was going to be
arrested um why do you think he did that
they're just I mean a lot of them they
they take uh unnecessary violent
measures just because they can't a few
of them enjoy it like they've been
they've been standing here in the sun uh
with a bunch of crazy counter protesters
screaming in their ear and uh they're
they're frustrated they've done their
they've done their crowd training their
their riot control and uh they just do
whatever they want and'll be no
repercussions and yeah they know there
will be no rec cussions look what
happened at the freedom Convoy um
anyways uh so they do that and uh Nick
goes in the Patty wagon and uh me and
Monty who was also on the ground we go
running after this Patty wagon a bunch
of students from the school follow and
uh I'm trying to talk to officers and
I'm trying to figure out where the Patty
wagon's going um whether he's being
given medical attention what's going on
um so anyways Monty actually on were you
worried about him at that point well
yeah I mean it it looked pretty bad at
the time I couldn't
tell face bleeds a lot uh there was a
pool of blood on the sidewalk where he
was standing so he was littering maybe
that was the
J so uh Monty runs all the way down the
the road after this Patty wagon all the
way to the police station he followed it
the entire way um I followed it uh right
till it was like around the school and
there's a pile of students chasing the
Patty wagen and uh reporters and other
police and I'm like okay Monty's going
to follow that I'm going to to go back
and talk to the police try to get
charges try to figure out Transportation
get my crowd under control and give them
an update and how many people were were
there for your protest um I want to say
it was a a couple hundred yeah um like
usual um there was a a large counter
protest but we we definitely outnumbered
them wow you had all those Union people
there yeah but uh we outnumbered them
and then when the students came out for
lunch break it was it was much bigger um
and uh anyways we uh we start running
now was Singh at that protest or when we
talked about him earlier sing was at the
uh the the Million Man March on two days
beforehand okay okay um and that one was
in Ottawa but uh yeah we uh I I start
doing interviews I finally get through
to an officer they refused to file any
of my reports um I I tried your reports
being what I tried to make an assault
report um and uh I tried to uh um in
like inquire about U my family member's
arrest um and see where he was being
held because I was his only point of
contact at the time and uh yeah they
they refused to talk to me um and uh so
that went on for a while until I just I
wouldn't give up I kept following them
and I have a megaphone too and a whole
pile of students that uh are uh echoing
whatever I say so uh there we uh we're
just yeah it was hard it was impossible
so finally um after they have all these
cameras on them they know it's a really
bad scene and uh they finally send me
another officer and they give me his uh
where he's being held and what he's
being charged for and they told me they
told me it was breach of the peace and
assault um so anyways I uh I just uh
went about I addressed the crowd again
and uh we tried to visit him at the
station after the event was over um and
I got on the well first as we're walking
up the steps to the the uh the stairs of
the police station the security guard
locks the doors on us on the the station
that's open 24/7 uh so there's a help
number on the door and I call that and
it's on camera they hung up on me um and
then they refused to answer any of my
other calls and uh so then after waiting
for about half an hour I get another
call from a police officer and they're
like you're not allowed in the station
but we can put you on the phone with
your brother for a bit and we got to
talk on the phone and it turned out he
was at at the hospital and they dropped
his charges so you never were charged
with anything no they dropped the
charges yeah in the hospital well they
so they kept me they took me uh like I
was bleeding a lot they had me in the
Patty W for about two hours uh and appar
right when I got to the to the precinct
uh I heard a couple officers talking
outside the door and they said that the
ambulance is here they want to check me
out but they wouldn't let the medics in
for about an hour and a half before
finally they took me out okay so oh so
that actually answers a question I had
because I thought well you know you want
to give the devil is due every time you
can I thought well maybe they bundled
you away from the protest because you
were bleeding oh no no not at all no way
that's well the fact that they had the
Medics like detained away from you for
90 minutes seems to indicate that
medical treatment on your behalf was not
the reason yeah and the paramedic so
yeah so they after about an hour and a
half of waiting maybe even longer uh the
the paramedic they take me out to the
ambulance they go in the ambulance I'm
still handcuffed in there uh and the par
the par medic looks at me and goes oh
wow you're going to need statues we have
to get him to the hospital and at at the
it still isn't like it's still bleeding
because there's there's a lot of blood a
lot of blood loss and uh so the
paramedics wanted to take me to the
hospital in the ambulance and the cop
said no that's not we'll take him in a
cruiser later so they take me out yeah
they take me out put me back in the
Patty wig and leave me in there so they
refused to let you go in the ambulance
refused yeah wow I guess it was too big
of a threat to uh Society to have me
yeah fair enough Fair enough so uh yeah
they take me back to the to the Patty
wagon put me back in there I'm in there
for maybe 20 minutes 30 minutes before
they take me check me in put me in a
Cell uh I was in the cell for a little
under an hour had you been in a Cell
before no I've been I've been arrested
before but always whole new thing jail
food's not good they take your shoelaces
they yeah no no I was wearing cowboy
boots they they checked they they said
takeing shoelaces and then there's where
they saw my boots and they said they
don't need to take so I guess they would
have been a suicide watch too but yeah
uh so yeah that I was in the cell uh
little under an hour probably so what
are you thinking when you're in the
cell when am I getting out of
here yeah I was hungry I was quite
hungry actually um so yeah after upset
or worried no I I wasn't worried no why
not I didn't have a like what's what's
the worst that's going to happen I'm
going to be locked up for a few weeks
before a cork date and at best I'm going
to be let out in a few hours with
charges dropped and I know I didn't do
anything wrong so I'm hoping there's
still a little bit of Hope left for a
justice system that would be let out no
charges questionable there's it's it's
quite corrupt it's quite corrupt from
the top but yeah it's quite corrupt all
the way through all the way through yeah
I guess if you get a good judge you can
be lucky but so anyways they took me
after all that time they put me in a
cruiser and took me to the hospital
escorted me into the uh into the
hospital I'm still handcuffed I'm
covered in blood so so walk into a merge
and like people are start freaking out I
guess still handcuffed yeah I guess they
thought I'm a murderer right A Guy Walks
In covered in blood in handcuffs and
police escort by him and the uh
receptionist says you're going to have
to put a mask
on so I look I look I say I'm not going
to do that they and they said no no you
have to put a mask on its policy I said
what are you going to do call the cops
good you said that oh good man that make
the whole day worth well just to be able
to say that and so uh the cop the cop
beside me just starts laughing that's
good man that's really funny and so they
let me through they took me uh took me I
sat me down I can't believe they told
you to put a mask on That's So Perfect e
it's like it's orchestrated yeah yeah
yeah that must have made your day I I
was it was quite comedic yes yeah yeah
oh my God okay okay so let's go back a
bit here to your parents
so while all these protests and so forth
are unfolding both your mom and dad now
they've been suspended okay now were
they they were were they suspended with
pay or without pay well they were
suspended with pay um and then they were
basically told that they have to uh
abide by the uh by what they basically
have to um comply with uh measures that
don't go along with their religious
beliefs it's wrong it's harming kids so
in your mother's case exactly what does
that mean so someone here someone puts a
pride flag on the door of her
kindergarten class she takes it down
okay what is she supposed to abide by
exactly she supposed to put up a pride
flag like what the hell what what's
exactly the issue here what's she
supposed to do I guess she's supposed to
publicly advertise sodomy on her
kindergarten classroom door um and uh
she's not going to do that um and uh
anyways they basically said that uh I I
don't even know they probably pulled up
a bunch of different policies and they
told them you have to abide by these
things and it's all woke uh radical left
ideology um it's being forced on kids
which is exactly what I'm fighting and
why I've been kicked out of school for
over 10 months now and uh yeah so um
well you're getting an education oh yeah
much better than I was at school but
definitely but uh yeah I've been kicked
out since uh last November of 2022 so
and what's the rationale for I'll get
back to your parents but what's the
rationale for your continued suspension
exactly I mean that's a big that's a
long suspension I don't know what you'd
have to do on the juvenile delinquent
side to Warrant that sort of suspension
but it would have to be something pretty
damn serious maybe you'd have to knock a
teacher unconscious with a metal chair
for example like happened last week in
the US though I doubt if they'd suspend
that student for 10 months I guess we'll
see so what's the rationale for the for
for keeping you out of school and this
is Catholic School right makes it even
more blackly comical as far as I'm
concerned you think they might be on the
side of the you know the scriptures just
you
might that was what I thought like I'm
I'm personally not Catholic I'm a born
again Christian but um going into the
Catholic board I would have assumed that
they would um maybe sympathize with My
Views a little more than they did but
anyways we get in there and actually it
was on one of my first days in the
school um this wasn't why I was kicked
out but this was kind of where I
realized that wow this is not a very
biblically based school when my math
teacher started saying that uh creation
was uh a myth and it was all
hypothetical in the Bible and he started
saying the entire Bible is hypothetical
and uh so I challenged him on that a bit
but uh as opposed to the unalienable
truths of woke Doctrine exactly so he uh
anyways that that teacher um ended up
being the one the the uh teacher whose
classroom um the debate broke out where
I actually got kicked out for a extended
period of time and uh it was because um
he was Shing at me like I was in a
classroom of 30 students I'm in the back
right corner and I have all these
students turned around their desks and
the teacher just shouting at me um and
and what did you do to provoke him um so
St students beside me started asking
about an interaction that had happened
earlier in the day um because I had been
uh called to the office and whatnot um
because I uh I challenged my uh law
teacher where she was talking about how
um students can be whatever gender they
want and all that and I challenged my
law teacher on that and that was
something that me and that teacher we
would respectfully go back and forth
like nonstop um from from the very first
uh day I was there the first five
minutes I was in her class um she went
on to say that the freedom Convoy was
unlawful um before it had even gone
through the court so we we started that
was the first one and it just went on
every single day we'd go back and forth
and it was always poite and it was
always fun but we never agreed on
anything and uh anyways um some students
heard that there was quite a
controversial debate in herass class the
other day or the other morning and they
wanted to uh hear what happened so these
students are asking me questions I'm
answering them giving my opinions on it
um and uh the teacher gets involved in
it and long story short he says that um
there's like 73 genders or something and
uh it's a spectrum and we can be
whatever we want to be and I should
explore myself and males can breastfeed
children and all sorts of just crazy
stuff and at the at that statement that
males can breastfeed children I I
responded to that and said uh that's
pedophilia and this is where it got
really awkward and the debate kind of
started to turn um he said what do you
mean that's pedophilia and I had to
explain to my entire math class that my
math teacher was um defending and
promoting grown men forcing a baby to
suck on their nipples and I'm I'm in the
math class so this is it's completely
ridiculous and it's a pretty awkward
topic to be having with all these
students
watching anyways um he starts to get
like really agitated because now I've
used a fairly strong term um and uh he's
uh he tells me that uh I'm just really
not tolerant and I need to be more
thoughtful my surroundings as and I I I
don't think tolerance is a virtue it's
the virtue of those without morals right
and uh so I I don't believe in tolerance
um at least not to the uh the level that
it's at today um but uh anyways I uh I
ended up quoting Mark 106 um in response
to a student who I've now learned after
the fact identify differently um stood
up at their chair pointing their finger
at me like walking towards me shouting
in math class um saying that I need to
be more uh open-minded and people can be
whatever they want to be 106 what's the
mark 106 I said God created them male
and female it's not simple and uh I said
look I don't have a problem with you
identifying differently or anybody but
uh that's up to them the board should
not be pushing that teachers should not
be promoting this stuff in their classes
and lying to their students it's harming
children and uh I said you have your
right to do whatever you want to do in
private but don't bring it up with
students here and it it certainly
doesn't change biology in reality um and
anyways that was it that was the uh that
was the uh verse that got me you out and
they said that I was bullying that
student by saying that um oh yeah and uh
yeah so that that allegation has uh been
going on for 10 months now okay and
what's the rationale for for the
duration of punishment I guess you
haven't learned your lesson is that so
actually at this point they know that
they can't justify kicking me out for 10
months um so what they did is uh they
suspended me for in indefinitely they
called it to an end after 20 days and
said look Josh can return to school if
he abides by um our conditions and their
conditions were that I was I would uh be
banned from math class I would be banned
from religion class um and I wasn't
allowed to speak to any students who
identified um as something other than
what they were born as and uh a bunch of
other smaller conditions none of them
which I agreed to um I said look I've
done nothing wrong i' oh so it's on you
now is it because you're not abiding by
the rules yeah so I said I've stated my
religious beliefs this is a Catholic
School if you don't agree with my stance
on biology let's open up your Bible you
you claim to hold the word of God um as
as the Supreme text uh in your in your
own um statement of belief and uh so I
said let's open up the Bible I said and
he said well we can't do that without
priests and uh Bishops and stuff here I
said bring them all to the Bible I said
bring them all I said we we will open a
Bible I said we can have a whole
conference meeting if you want um and I
said we can do it Monday and he said no
we're busy then Tuesday Wednesday and we
went through an entire week and he
wasn't busy once or he wasn't available
once apparently and uh I said okay well
I've offered the the offer still stands
I'm I'm happy to this day I'm happy to
open up the the Bible and argue with
these um Heretics but uh anyways I uh I
they they refused to take me up on that
offer um and uh so they kicked me out I
uh then got in contact with Liberty
Coalition Canada and they provideed me a
lawyer James kitchen um and we went back
and forth for a while um just with the
school board's lawyers in mine and uh
they said that uh because I refused to
abide by their conditions of return I'd
be excluded yeah yeah I see okay I and
so it's not disciplinary it's not
disciplinary oh I know no that's like my
my the actions against me with CP
Ontario it's not disciplinary it's like
it's just we don't trust you looks like
discipline and it smells like discipline
and it sounds like discipline and it's
in fact discipline yeah but you're not
going to use the word it's like yeah
okay you guys we know what you're up to
and the funniest part is that they told
me um the that the school board cannot
exclude anybody and that's why they have
such an an open Bard policy on all the
washrooms in the school right right and
I said oh really then why am I under an
actual exclusion order under the
Education Act it's called an exclusion
order and uh but apparently this board
can't exclude anybody and I've been
under that order for 10 months and they
just informed me uh just recently that
I'll be under that order for another
year another year yep and maybe longer
if I don't agree to their conditions or
if we don't come to an agreement so what
are you doing to salvage your education
uh you your credentialed education let's
say at yeah at this point
um for credential education all I can do
is uh well I suppose I could withdraw
from the school and try to enroll at
another school and we all know that
wouldn't yeah I wouldn't go that
wouldn't go very well um you could do it
though I could and I've consider move
strategically but uh i' I uh am fighting
against the board right now and I we
went to the Ontario superior court of
justice on uh whether I had uh standing
to appeal all the decisions made against
me and I won um wow wow that's good news
um yeah it was it was a uh it how are
the legal how are the legal Bills going
um so that one uh that one obviously
paid for self because we won but uh like
I said Liberty Coalition Canada uh
supports me and uh so uh they cover all
the costs on that end of the against the
school um but uh we won that case so now
I believe it's at the beginning of
November um uh I will be going in to uh
a hearing a two week long hearing to uh
are you pursuing damages um yes we are
how much I don't remember what the
damages were um my lawyer would be the
better guy to ask about that um no I
wouldn't know I wouldn't know the number
but uh so let me ask you about your
parents again so you said to begin with
they were put on leave with pay and and
what was the spacing between your father
losing his job and your mother being
suspended two weeks or so two weeks oh
wow you'd think they would have been
more intelligent strategically than that
but my sense of the people who persecute
in this manner is that not only are they
corrupt ideologically they're absolute
morons when it comes to strategy so it
usually comes back to bite them okay so
they did they suspended them both with
pay to begin with yeah and then they put
these conditions on both of them I
presume your parents didn't weren't
willing to abide by the conditions so
did they then suspend their pay so at
this point right now they're kind of in
they're just waiting because the board
gave them that deadline to agree with
the conditions they didn't they asked
for an extension they're working with
the Union um the same that imagine the
unions are really working hard on their
behalf the UN was in that meeting uh
that went viral um my parents Union
where they were naming me and saying
that they need to come to my protests
they put out they put out emails uh to
their entire Union saying go protest
Josh Alexander outside the RCC dsb
headquarters and all this um so we we
can already uh figure how much support
they're going to uh give my parents but
that that's where it's at right now um
so it's it's really only a matter of
time um they're they're they're just
killing it's the same thing my board's
doing too the time is on their side of
course is they'll just kill they're not
suffering directly from the consequences
of the delay yeah that's one of the
terrible things about being dragged
through a process like this is that it's
100% to the advantage of the people who
are using the process as the punishment
to drag it out as long as it possibly
can dragged out how old are you
17 17 you don't look
17 you look older than that both of you
well that's good for you you're not not
kids and most 17-year-olds are kids lots
of 30-year-olds are kids you guys don't
look like kids anymore so that's that's
something worth attaining when you're
young so what has this done to you I
mean or for you and how has it hurt you
well I mean it's certainly it's changed
my life in every aspect like everything
has changed I'm no longer working um the
the the same jobs I would have been
doing I'm no longer in the education
system um all my other peers um are
still in in in the system and uh just
going about their regular life and
unfortunately complying with the uh the
idiocy that's going on within the board
and uh I mean okay what sort of circle
of friends do you have around you or did
you have around you you've got your
brother you've got Monty yeah I I mean
after all this and after we've been
challenged on a uh National level I I
like to keep my circle small only people
I would trust with my life right and uh
so that that's certainly not many I mean
uh I I don't have any friends from
either of my schools um you don't a no
why is that well I mean at my Catholic
school I had only been there for maybe
uh uh well I been I went in there
September got kicked out in November so
okay so you didn't have a chance to
rebuild a p didn't know too many
students I already had a reputation as
the as the the Convoy kid they actually
the kids at that school nicknamed me
freedom and uh well there's worse
nicknames there are exactly so um like I
had a reputation kids were kind of
nervous around me for some reason um and
uh I just never I never pursued uh
friendship that much because uh I knew
that education's ending soon um I just
had different goals um and uh I guess in
that manner I kind of kept to myself but
uh MH yeah no like I I I also just seen
what the education system produces and
impressed with it it produces docile
weak pathetic um excuses for for uh what
what should be uh people that are just
beginning to go into the world and start
their life and start their family
there's no ambition um yeah well
ambition that's all part of that patal
oppression yeah like everybody's getting
married at 30 and divorced at 35 and
childless divorced at 35 yeah talking
about the education system I think
correct me if I'm wrong I believe
he's the uh founder of the cynic
philosophy believe I believe he was and
he said that the education of the youth
is a foundation of a country so if
that's the foundation of our country
we've got a giant crack Line running
right through ours cuz yeah well one of
the things that really struck me to the
core I would say when I started
lecturing publicly and and being exposed
to a much wider range not so much range
a much larger number of people was the
degree of demoralization especially
among young men now of course if you
demoralize young men you also demoralize
young women because you know we're in
this together and the degree to which
that was the case was really quite
shocking to me and you know and I I
thought it through I mean boys in
particular they get they get pillared
when they're very young because their
play preferences don't match up with the
idiot idiot what would you call it false
calmness of the typical classroom so
that's a big problem and then of
course anything that's anything that's
heterosexual is suspect on the grounds
of power dynamics essentially any
ambition is associated with patriarchal
oppression and if you managed to escape
all of that well then you're destroying
the planet so that's basically your
destiny as a young man right and any
Avenue of Enterprise you might pursue in
terms of ambition is suspect because all
ambition is power and then all
Enterprises evil capitalism and you know
you're pretty much left with no with no
out and so well so that's demoralizing
and and I suppose I think it's
purposefully demoralizing because if you
believe that human activity is
intrinsically destructive socially and
with regard to the biosphere then you
want to demoralize young men so so what
so they sit around and do nothing
because that way they're like they're
like involuntary Buddhists you know
their only virtue is
harmlessness of course that's not a
virtue exactly and if you're part of the
elite if you want to tighten the
tyrannical grasp in society so to say
what's the first thing you want to do
you want to soften the men because
that's going to be your biggest
resistance right off the bat if looking
historically it's the young men who will
be most uh resilient to oppression and
so a direct attack on their masculinity
is the uh so so you guys are now trying
to you you talked earlier about trying
to work with young people and so what
are you doing exactly what are your what
are your goals and how are you
organizing that well our main recently
we the we've used our platform like you
said to just go to schools and that I
mean whether you consider it a protest
or an event whatever we're able to
interact with students and we're able to
so walk me through a typical event now
how would you organize it well yeah we
just how do you pick a school I'll have
a student reach out to me or something
on social media yeah um how can they do
that uh well they just they just message
me and they tell me uh go they they tell
me what's going on their school how can
they message you let's tell people so in
case they need to message you it's uh on
my Twitter's official Josh a and my
Instagram's josh. Alexander safe Canada
okay so if they want to get in touch
with you they can do that okay so
someone gets in touch with you and then
you organize something how do you
organize it out of school because of
course the school isn't going to let you
like organize the way we do it is we
usually just uh we talk to the students
we ask them for a little bit of a layout
what it looks like um and uh if I can
get in contact with a police officer or
something I'll warn them and tell them
we're coming here and then we throw it a
post on our social media and it gets
shared around a bunch and uh we just we
just uh show up and uh show up where
like at the school we'll just go on the
sidewalk or wherever we we aren't
allowed to go on the school property so
some place adjacent to the school and uh
Z how many of those events have you done
quite a few yeah are they growing yeah
rapidly they are well like if you look
at the numbers our the first gender
related protest that we had in Ottawa
was in this February and it believe it
had 17 people show up to it and the last
one was uh on September 20th in NWA and
estimates of 8 to 9,000 people showed up
giant so that sounds like exponential
growth exponential so so 9,000 people
and that was to which event uh the
Million Man March we were we were kind
of organizing the one in Ottawa and so
yeah big like you said exponential
growth people are waking up think doing
any good yeah absolutely I think what
are you doing that's working well I
think just giving the students inperson
interaction they've all a lot of these
students have seen me online they've
seen me um get arrested but they don't
really think much of it it's just kind
of a distant figure right something that
happened it couldn't happen near me what
we do is we bring it to their school we
show them how real it is we have the
police and the public order units lined
up we have counter protests they're
watching the culture war on their
doorstep uh and uh they're watching it
unfold and something as simple as a kid
taking a photo with me and posting it
will then embolden other children right
to what EMB to what to speak up because
all of them are afraid or even just in
private in discussion with each other to
share their opinions they're all so
afraid um how many provin have you done
this in so far most of what we do is in
Ontario but we've I did one in Alberta
um that was in Calgary uh yes and then
uh I believe I did some stuff in Nova
Scotia as well are you building an
organization underneath this um we're
we're working on that but it's it's been
so busy it's just like we're trying to
just be able to run our events of the
time and with uh all the court dates and
stuff I mean I've been arrested three
times just since February the first one
being at my high school and uh and then
uh he's been arrested three times as
well and Monty's been arrested I mean
it's just it's ridiculous we none of us
have any criminal charges because we're
Innocent but um Innocent but it's uh
like that
matters but it it's uh that's why you're
being arrested by the way yeah yeah yeah
yeah well putting a subsidiary
organization underneath you might be a
good priority because you could multiply
your efforts you know so have you found
other young men or young women for that
matter who who are willing to commit to
this sort of Enterprise yeah especially
in the last uh last month or two a lot
more have been coming out of the
Woodworks like we like we we said when
we kind of started nobody wants to be
the first one to yeah step up and and
take the hits but if we do that people
will probably follow us and it is
working young young people are are
stepping up behind us and following it
following us and uh political leaders
like have have you been Have You Been
reached out to by any political leaders
I mean we've already established the
fact that the Jag meet Singh is not one
of your fans
um I which is definitely a testament to
your virtue as far as I'm concerned but
what about what about other political
figures I would say that the politicians
have been the biggest disappointment of
anybody um there's there's not a single
MP that has yet public while
representing the people publicly said
anything about what's going on um and a
lot of people I myself included when I
saw the the conservative party um elect
their new leader Pier pev I I had a lot
of hope I thought this guy like he I I
had watched him since I was little and
uh I I mean I knew he's really good on
the floor with his analytics think he
should do um well I think he needs to
speak up he needs to speak for parents I
mean we did that event on sep 20th he he
did announce that he was on the side of
the parents on Twitter during the
million what was the million million
person March for
Mar um but the the issue was he was on
West block Parliament right the morning
of he was there um and he walked by and
we have it on camera while the crowd's
assembling for the March and we we
actually had the crowd chanting for paev
to come out and just to have like a
sense of leadership right in the
political realm and it doesn't exist and
it's like I I recognize that um it may
not be the the wisest strategical move
for a politician to get involved in the
culture War but the I think that's also
one of the biggest mistakes Canadian
politics has made the American um
American politics includes the culture
War it's one of their biggest talking
points but uh um here in Canada it's
like I said it's just analytics it's all
the it's the uh the price of milk and
all this stuff that it matters and it's
it's uh something that our prime
minister is failing on right now but uh
there's not enough there's not enough
leadership and when I I got to talk with
PA the conservatives often there afraid
because but I'm seeing that starting to
change in Canada because you have people
you know paev is is is has is showing
more spine than conservatives have in
the past by a substantial margin you
have you have Danielle Smith in Alberta
and Scott Mo they're also pushing back
to a fair degree but you know for a long
time the conservatives were intimidated
I suppose partly because the leftists
are very good at eliciting guilt and
also because of mob tactics you know and
it's the same thing is that a
conservative would stand up and say
something that was relevant to the
culture war and then that particular
individual would get mobbed and being
mobbed as you guys know is no no picnic
and so that tended to put them back on
their heels the combination of guilt and
let's say fear of the mob and there is
reason to be afraid of the mob you know
I mean I know hundred people now who've
been publicly excommunicated let's say
and the vast majority of them responded
like they had contracted the near fatal
illness you know they ended up in under
psychiatric care or losing a tremendous
amount of weight or you know reacting as
if they're threatened right to the core
which of course they are how are your
parents responding to what's going on
around you and and and what what what
are is your family like very well United
in in terms of what you guys are
attempting to do do you speak with each
other strategically how how is your
family deal dealing with this and are
you guys still both living at home no um
I'm on the road like almost full-time oh
yeah and uh I mean I would I spent most
of the summer in the states and then I
was um in different provinces and just
all over the place so uh we're from a
little town of a thousand people and
there's not much you can uh you can
network from there but right so we we
haven't been uh living at home but yeah
I'm we're constantly talking um our
family's pretty close and uh I mean are
you the only two siblings no we have a
uh a younger brother who we were
speaking about earlier and then a right
right how old is he he's 14 right and
what did you say it happened to him he
was just he just got kicked out for
wearing your hat yeah yeah oh yeah yeah
yeah yeah are you marketing those hats
yeah they're they're website yeah that's
which website is that save canada. shop
so if you need a hat save canada. shop
yeah M yeah yeah okay okay well maybe we
can scare up some more purchases for
your hats see how many kids we can get
kicked out of school for illegal hat
wearing yeah yeah so what's the plan for
the future well right now it's uh it's
hard to uh predict what's going to
happen everything's changing so fast I
have like countless court dates coming
up and uh we uh I mean court dates for
what well I mean I have to I have a
bunch against my school I have to go
back to Alberta for I believe like five
court dates for the incident that
happened at the school um different uh
different stuff there like again Tangled
Up in legal red tap I mean like you said
the the uh process is the punishment
whether I'm the one being charged or not
it's still it's like it's a massive
disruption to my life and uh anyway so
we're going to be focusing on that um
we're going to be continuing to
communicate with students we're also
going to try to be uh is that your
primary focus the the expansion of your
of your network
within within high schools in particular
right now that's mainly what we focused
on but um just because that's who we're
able to communicate the best with um
because I am in high school and these
students know who I am more than any
other uh group but uh as as a young
person watching what's happening in the
world my greatest passion is be able to
share the gospel and share my beliefs um
and uh like Nick was saying earlier that
that is the only way we will ever truly
be able to save Canada and it's not us
right um but uh we certainly get to play
a part in that and uh I want to reach
people with the truth it's more than
saying that there's only two biological
genders I want I want people sex Sexes
if you will um but uh I I want them to
be able to understand the the truth of
the gospel and uh understand that we're
all Sinners myself included and uh we
need we need a savior um and uh so if if
if that means means that I have to do it
in a uh controversial manner with
constant conflict I will because who
else is going to go and reach those
crowds um and uh I mean they may hate us
and they may call us hateful but at the
end of the day we're we're sharing the
the greatest love story known to man how
did you get tangled up with billboard
Chris um I met him at a uh well actually
he just ended up posting about me on
social media after one of the big
rallies we did um a pile of students
came out of a uh school here um in York
Mills Collegiate Institute here in
Toronto and uh they uh there was a photo
that went really viral of uh hundreds of
students in a circle with me and they
were uh we were handing out Bibles and
praying together and stuff and this was
just happening outside of a Toronto
school which was the belly of the Beast
here in Canada right and uh so that was
certainly encouraging and it it went
everywhere and Chris saw that and he
reached out to me and we decided to do
an event together and this was around
the same time where uh his uh assault in
BC really went viral so what do you
think of billboard Chris I I I like him
a lot he uh he's he's something that our
country lacks which is a father that
cares yeah um he he is a a role model
that uh young people could use do do you
have any idea what how he decided to
wear a billboard like when I was okay I
I want to hear I'll tell you so when I
was about your age the guy with the
billboard was like a running joke right
he'd be the crazy guy out on the corner
and the sign on there would say you know
the world is ending and repent
repentance is nigh the world is ending
and it was a joke right to wear a
billboard like that and it was a joke
that everyone knew an old joke and so
now we have billboard Chris with this
billboard on so what what what motivated
him and what do you think he's up to
Yeah so basically what happened is he
was watching what's unfolding and
contrary to what most fathers did he
said okay I actually want to do
something about with this and his first
move um I believe he has daughters and
he didn't like it and his first move was
to put up a uh billboard that said I
love JK
rolling after she spoke out right was
that in Vancouver where did he do that I
believe it I want to say it was in
Vancouver but I'm not positive about
that right so he rented a billboard
space and it got removed after a day it
was too controversial and he tried all
sorts of other yeah because what has JK
ring done for the world and uh so they
kept getting removed so he said you know
what I'll be the billboard so he just
put it on himself and he'd go out and
he'd start conversations and it blew up
quick yeah and yeah it blew up really
quick he came from nowhere and and
became very famous very rapidly it was a
smart move I see so he decided to be the
billboard because they couldn't take him
down or at least not so far yeah so now
the the event that how did you guys um
jointly organize the event that you were
at together um he just reached out to me
I said look let's let's go to a school
together uh that's what I've been doing
and it's been garnering support and
you've been on the other side of the
country um going viral too and imagine
the effect we could have together so we
we put out this event and I rarely do
this but we we announced it like two
months beforehand and uh that gave time
for people to book flights and stuff and
it was really starting to pick up a lot
of support online and uh sure enough um
the day came and it was I had never h
organized a protest where the our crowd
outnumbered the counter protest and uh
it did um and we had a massive crowd and
that was where was that in that was in
Ottawa that was in Ottawa and is that
the one that sing opposed no that was uh
this was back in June Singapore was the
one in uh the Million Man March just on
the 20th here in September okay so the
fir the one that you did with with
billboard Chris was before the million
March have you been in touch with the
organizations organ organizers of the
Million Man Mark yes yeah who are those
organizers who's doing that um it's an
organization called hands off our kids
that started it and uh I actually first
met them at the event me and billbo
Chris did they all came out um and uh we
got to meet them and I've been them um I
think they're just concerned parents
from what I know people that are sick of
watching our country go under hateful
concerned parents as trudo would say
right right no he didn't say that
apparently apart from the fact that it's
there like on his Twitter feed right so
I actually think the fundamental
problem a fundamental problem
technically speaking is that the
faculties of Education have a hammer
lock on teacher certification and the
faculties of Education have been for 60
years arguably the most intellectually
corrupt faculty in the universities
they're their to call their research
appalling is to barely scrape the
surface the faculties of Education
generate one idiot piece of society
damaging pseudoscience after another and
they've been doing that for decades and
they
attract to they attract the worst
students who are in teaching for the
worst reasons often because they're
confused and don't know what else to do
sometimes because they pretty happy
about the fact that they get two months
of summer vacation Dreadful academic
records their standards are dismal to
say the least and they're
unbelievably woke and yet they have a
monopoly on teacher certification the
fact that conservatives haven't woken up
to this or even classic liberals for
that matter is a kind of Miracle of
stupidity it's the same in the in the
United States the the
education Enterprise complex the
education propaganda complex right like
the military-industrial complex has a
hammerlock essentially on 50% of
American State budgets because that's
the percentage of the budgets that go to
the education system and so it's a
complete bloody scam right from top to
bottom but the the heart of the Beast is
the faculties of education and if
conservatives and genuine liberals had a
clue they would take te teacher
certification away from them tomorrow
and that would be I think that's the
Achilles heel of the woke movement
because as long as they've got that
right to certify teachers they have
control over a huge part of
of the political budgets and so and
conservatives have been blind to this
well literally since the mid-60s it's a
long time right that's 60 years it's
like it's time to wake up guys this
can't go any farther so now it must be
hard for you too to look forward into
the future e because your lives are very
chaotic and and transforming continually
it's like do you have some sense of
because you're young how old are you 19
19 so you guys are both very young like
what would you your lives they're not
never going to be the the same so you
can just forget about that but that
could be a huge Advantage it's like if
you could maneuver your way through this
properly carefully what do you see
yourselves doing couple years down the
road what where do you want this to go
if if you could if you could manage it
properly that's kind of the question I
get asked so much and like you said our
lives are so chaotic it's uh it's really
hard to tell I don't know where I want
to go and I'm kind of searching right
now my goal is to learn as much as
possible while I'm young and improve
myself or whatever is to come what do
you want to learn about um anything and
everything really I've just I'm
constantly got my my nose in the book
now um I've got a great reading list
online you know oh I'll have to take a
look yeah there's about 150 books I just
I just finished your book you did which
one uh the your first 12 rules yeah oh
yeah but uh yeah like I'm I'm just
trying to learn as much as possible um
and whether I continue doing what I am
uh right now on such a public scale um
I'm I'm happy to do that and i' I'd just
as happy be okay to never be see a
camera again right um but uh I mean it's
it's really about uh where the Lord
wants me and uh I'm how do you decide
what to do next what guides you um well
I mean I I have a
role models in my life people I respect
who I can ask advice for and I can also
um I mean I spend a lot of time praying
and stuff and how do that just uh
through uh reading the word and uh just
praying in general and how keeping a
relationship and understanding and
trying to learn the uh the word of God
as much as possible so i' I've been
thinking about prayer in relationship to
thought so I actually think that thought
is secularized prayer so because here
imagine here are the components of
thought okay so the first the
first thing that has to happen if you're
going to think is you have to have a
problem okay and you have to admit you
have a problem because why think
otherwise I don't think there's much
difference between admitting you have a
problem and adopting a stance of
humility or being on your knees so to
speak symbolically it's like I've got a
problem I don't know how to solve it I'm
looking for so that's a lack in you
obviously I'm looking for a solution
okay so that's the next thing is you're
looking for solution you have put that
question forward now this can even
happen with people who are purely
secular so the next thing that happens
is you you formulate the question and
then you open yourself up to something
approximating Revelation as far as I can
tell you know is you're you're
contemplating the problem at hand and an
answer will arise now that's a mystery
you know people will say well I thought
up the answer it's like well why didn't
you have the answer to begin with if you
were capable of thinking it up up where'
the answer come from it's like well I
thought it up it's not that's not much
of an explanation there buy the answer
appears and then you have to critically
assess it right that's testing the
spirits you might say critically assess
it to see if this is a solid if this is
a solid idea or if it comes from sources
that are untoward right because you want
to be guided by the highest possible
spirit so to speak and so and you can
establish that in part through dialogue
internal dialogue that would be part of
thinking or Di with other people but it
is possible to step forward on on a firm
foundation right if you do open yourself
up it's something like you're you you've
got the humility that enables you to
receive the Revelation and then the
quality of the Revelation is dependent
to some degree on your aim and so if
you're aiming up and you're attempting
to abide by the truth then the spirit
that makes itself manifest to you in
that Revelation let's say will be reli
iable right and then you can feel your
way forward one step at a time and not
make a mistake you can do that with your
words if you're very careful both you
guys you're very careful speakers you
know I didn't see any sign in either of
you during this conversation that you
were taking Liberty with your speech and
like you're actually in a position of
some Temptation because you have so much
public attention focused on you you know
there's always the possibility that
whatever flaws you have will be
magnified by that especially the case
when you're young because you know you
don't have a tremendous amount of
experience and all of a sudden now
you're in the public light but I haven't
seen any of that emerge in our
conversation and you maybe you've been
pounded down hard enough by everything
that's happened to you to keep you
properly humble you know hopefully right
because with all the attention that's
focused on you you could make some
pretty spectacular errors if you wanted
to be in cautious right high probability
outcome so okay so you don't know you're
trying to learn well that's good that's
good yeah well it's a tough it's a tough
one to see to see through right because
things are so crazy in Canada at the
moment it's not obvious at all what the
appropriate pathway forward is know and
so what's okay so what's on the
immediate Horizon on the immediate
Horizon um there's uh well we've got a
couple other protests probably we uh
haven't announced them yet but they'll
be coming out very soon how can people
keep track of your activities I we post
it all on uh mainly my social media and
tell people that again find out Twitter
official jorea and uh Instagram's josh.
Alexander safe Canada so it's Twitter
and Instagram you're using most yeah do
you use YouTube at all no but we are
starting a YouTube channel we're I'm
looking to uh to start a show so I guess
that one is uh going to be uh um
something in the near future yeah well
there's a niche you know that isn't
occupied in Canada one of the things you
guys could do on YouTube and you've
probably got the social reach to manage
it is to start doing an interview series
with people who are in high school right
to talk about serious issues but among
people who are really young like I can
see a bit of a cultural transformation
starting to take place tilting younger
people more towards a more classic
conservatism but it's really young
people right it's not people in their
20s even it's people who are well maybe
your age are younger and so there's a
market there and you have enough reach
to already start to publicize that and I
haven't seen anything like that in
Canada there's the odd YouTube channel
in the US where young people are talking
to other young people but you're in a
prime position to do that and the thing
about YouTube is that you can have long
and serious
conversations you know and so it'd be
interesting I I'm not giving you any
advice because you've got enough things
on your plate but you're already using
social media and you're you're not
taking advantage of the at at least at
the moment of the place where long form
discussion is most possible right and
it' be very useful for young people to
see see a place where serious discussion
on ethical and political matters would
actually be possible and YouTube's a
miracle for that right CU there's no
cost of entry and so yeah is there
anything you guys want to say in closing
you you you're going to be talking to a
lot of young people in Canada Nick let's
start with you like you've got all your
peers out there young men like you what
do you want to tell them stand up be a
man uh do your duty as a man and uh
don't bow to the woke mob
what's the advantage of that you have
honor what's the advantage of that you
have self-respect you have respect
genuine self-respect right not this
false self-esteem and we're all going to
have kids in this world someday and I
don't know I don't know everyone else
but I don't want to bring kids into a
world like this how it is right now so
if we can change and we can make a
change right now I think it's imperative
that we uh we stand up and make that
change what's been the okay so so you've
done what you could to speak your mind
you said the advantage to that at least
in part is self-respect what do you
think that means that that self-respect
that's associated with your willingness
to put what you believe to be true
forward why do you think that imbus you
with
self-respect because I know I'm morally
standing on the right right side of
what's
happening because the morals I'm
standing for are based on the word of
God which is the foundation of my
life so I talk to this guy Jonathan
pasio
Paso is worth following by the way he's
probably the deepest religious thinker
I've ever met he's got an uncanny eye
for patterns and for for narrative
interpretation he said you're supposed
to orient yourself ethically in two
Dimensions so one is collective right
it's like in order to get along in the
world we have to agree with one another
at least to some degree yes at least to
some degree right because otherwise it's
fractiousness and conflict and so part
of what you're doing when you're seeing
if you're orienting yourself properly is
to see if you can pull other people into
voluntary agreement with you now the
problem with that is that that's the
crowd you know and the crowd can go
insane from time to time and clearly
does absolutely so so then the the
consensus per se can't be the only
dimension of ethical orientation and so
there's a horizontal axis of ethical
orientation that'd be associated with
Jacob's Ladder and the mountain image in
the Old Testament is actually a
representation at least in part of the
consensus Dimension and the and the
Transcendent Dimension and so to orient
yourself you need an you need what would
you say an alliance with with what's
traditional and religious and you need
an alliance with your social Community
siman you have to be able to function in
society and yeah right right well be a
good man as well you need to have those
two Dimensions working simultaneously so
yeah so Josh you you've what do you what
do you have to say to young men young
women for that matter too and are you
talking more to young men would you say
are you talking more to young women do
you know I mean I'm talking to everybody
and it's not just young people my
message is mainly focused on young
people but I think everybody um could
listen to this advice and it's not that
I'm full of wisdom you just have to look
at a a history book look how culture um
and societies uh functioned um and were
successful and it it it was a lot of it
was founded in the nuclear family um and
uh it was found in the truth and uh like
he was said as as a young man I want to
have
self-respect and honest self-respect um
and in order to do that I need to I need
to uh fight for the truth and the fact
of the matter is you're going to face
persecution for standing up for what's
right we're in a world of yeah you're
going to face persecution for not
standing up for it too though you know
you bet man this is the thing people
don't understand especially when things
start to destabilize is you're screwed
both ways yeah and so you can just
accept that and think well fine then
I'll I'll stick to the truth and I'll
take my I'll take my chances with that
side of the equation and there's no
trouble-free pathway through life you
can just dispense with that idea
instantly this is why the security
seeking that people engage in when they
don't say something with when they have
something to say is so counterproductive
it's like well if you keep your mouth
shut you won't get in trouble in the
next 10 seconds but the next 5 years
might be kind of dismal right as
everything you love falls apart and and
you pull everyone along with you into
the Cowardly Abyss it's like you might
as well just say what you have to say
right now and get it over with yeah it
suffer now or suffer later right yeah it
suffer now somewhat with a certain
degree of Honor let's say or suffer much
more and much more invisibly and with a
lot more people later yeah that's a
stupid deal yeah so yeah and you
sacrifice your soul on that pathway too
and that's not a very good idea exactly
and yeah I believe like I believe that
this life is such a small portion I I
truly believe that we're just pilgrims
here and we have an eternity to look
forward to um and uh I would encourage
any young person to um I mean exercise
and maintain self discipline um learn as
much as possible and uh get on the
winning side I mean as as a Christian I
know that we've already won we're
fighting from Victory and not for it um
and and uh when uh Christ paid the price
on the cross that was it it was finished
that's what he said and it is uh it it's
it's quite encouraging to know that um
and no matter what happens we
win Christ already paid the price for us
we've already won he's our sins are paid
for so so all I can do is continue to
fight for what is right and try to
encourage um other people uh young and
old to uh to quit running towards
Eternal damnation repent of what they've
done wrong and uh and uh join The
Winning Side um and uh like like you
said it's it it it you will face a
little bit of suffering now but it's a
lot better than eternal torment right um
and separation from God um and uh so
yeah I would I would certainly encourage
everybody to uh um uphold the truth um
and uh focus on improving V just in
their own life but also uh uh sparking
change in a world that is just spinning
out of control right now MH all right
gentlemen very nice talking to you thank
you thanks for having us so thank you
everybody who's watching and listening
your time and attention is always much
appreciated and to the Daily wire folks
for making these conversations both
straightforward and and simple and
professionally produced I appreciate
that very much um taking obstacles out
of my path on a continual basis so that
I can do this regularly um the film crew
here in Toronto thanks for your help
today guys it's much appreciate it as
well and um you guys know most of you
who are watching I'll do another half an
hour with the these two gentlemen behind
the daily wire plus platform I don't
exactly know what we're going to talk
about but I'll figure that out when we
get there so we've got a lot more to
delve into so if you're inclin to join
us on that side of the world please do
and your support there is also very much
appreciated
bye-bye
[Music]
guys